docs: added java migration docs (#168)
redhat-developer/app-services-sdk-core: migration/MIGRATION.md

While the code has moved the generation has stayed the same, which means updating to the Core SDK should be similar to updating to a new version in the old SDK

### Java

> Java has been completly replaced with a new generator from Kiota you can learn more [here](https://microsoft.github.io/kiota/). This means any code in the previous Java SDK will no longer work but updating the existing code should not be difficult. We have an exmaple of moving a Java project [here](java.md). Try it out and ask questions and open issues if you find anything unexpected so we can help you out and make the transition for everybody easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Java has been completely replaced with a new generator from Kiota you can learn more [here](https://microsoft.github.io/kiota/). This means any code in the previous Java SDK will no longer work but updating the existing code should not be difficult. We have an example of moving a Java project [here](java.md). Try it out and ask questions and open issues if you find anything unexpected so we can help you out and make the transition for everybody easier.
```
